feat: updates `Breadcrumb`'s glossary entry (#30963)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/breadcrumb/index.md

[MDN](/) > [Glossary](/en-US/docs/Glossary) > Breadcrumb

Breadcrumb trails enable users to be aware of their location within a website. This type of navigation, if done correctly, helps users know where they are in a site and how they got there. They can also help a user get back to where they were before and can reduce the number of clicks needed to get to a higher-level page.

> > **Note:** While there's no dedicated [semantic HTML element](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/semantics-other.html#rel-up) for breadcrumb navigation menus, the [`<ol>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/ol) element is commonly used to represent their hierarchical structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** While there's no dedicated [semantic HTML element](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/semantics-other.html#rel-up) for breadcrumb navigation menus, the {{htmlelement("ol")}} element is commonly used to represent their hierarchical structure.
```

we could replace the link with macros
